1. An insulation system for a roof, the insulation system comprising: a plurality of roof sheathing panels that extend upward at an angle away from an eave of the roof toward a ridge of the roof; a plurality of spaced apart structural members having lengths that extend upward at an angle away from the eave toward the ridge without insulation between the roof sheathing panels and the spaced apart structural members, wherein the spaced apart structural members support the roof sheathing panels, wherein the spaced apart structural members each include a top face that faces toward the roof sheathing panel and a bottom face that faces away from the roof sheathing panels; a first insulation material disposed between an adjacent pair of the spaced apart structural members, wherein a length of the first insulation material extends along the lengths of each structural member of the adjacent pair of the spaced apart structural members, wherein the first insulation material has a bottom face that is substantially flush with the bottom faces of the spaced apart structural members, wherein the first insulation material comprises a fibrous material; a second insulation material, wherein a single piece of the second insulation material has a length that extends across the bottom face of each structural member of the adjacent pair of the spaced apart structural members, such that the single piece of the second insulation material covers the bottom face of each structural member of the adjacent pair of the spaced apart structural members and the first insulation material, wherein the second insulation material comprises a fibrous material.
2. The insulation system of claim 1, wherein the spaced apart structural members are spaced apart truss chords.
3. The insulation system of claim 1, wherein the first insulation material substantially fills a space between the top and bottom faces of the spaced apart structural members.
4. The insulation system of claim 1, wherein there is a vent space between the first insulation material and the roof sheathing panels.
5. The insulation system of claim 1, wherein the second insulation material has a substantially planar lower surface.
6. The insulation system of claim 5, wherein the planar lower surface of the second insulation material is maintained by reinforcing ties.
7. The insulation system of claim 1, wherein the second insulation material is held against the first insulation material by fasteners that extend into the spaced apart structural members.
8. The insulation system of claim 1, wherein the second insulation material has a substantially uniform thickness.
9. The insulation system of claim 1, wherein the single piece of the second insulation material comprises loose fill insulation in a container.
10. The insulation system of claim 1, wherein the single piece of the second insulation material comprises an insulation batt.
11. The insulation system of claim 1, wherein the single piece of the second insulation material extends across the bottom faces of three or more of said spaced apart structural members.
12. The insulation system of claim 10, wherein the insulation batt extends across the bottom faces of three or more of said spaced apart structural members.
13. The insulation system of claim 1, wherein the second insulation material is held against the first insulation material by fasteners that extend through the second insulation material and into the spaced apart structural members.
14. The insulation system of claim 1, wherein the first insulation material comprises an insulation batt.
15. The insulation system of claim 1, wherein the first insulation material comprises an insulation batt and the second insulation material comprises an insulation batt.
16. The insulation system of claim 15, wherein the first insulation batt is connected to the second insulation batt.
17. An insulation system for a roof, the insulation system comprising: a plurality of roof sheathing panels that extend upward at an angle away from an eave of the roof toward a ridge of the roof; a plurality of spaced apart structural members having lengths that extend upward at an angle away from the eave toward the ridge, wherein the spaced apart structural members support the roof sheathing panels without insulation between the roof sheathing panels and the spaced apart structural members, wherein the spaced apart structural members each include a top face that faces toward the roof sheathing panel and a bottom face that faces away from the roof sheathing panels; a first insulation batt disposed between an adjacent pair of the spaced apart structural members, wherein a length of the first insulation batt extends along the lengths of the adjacent pair of the spaced apart structural members, wherein the first insulation batt has a bottom face that is substantially flush with the bottom faces of the adjacent pair of the spaced apart structural members; a second insulation batt, wherein a length of the second insulation batt extends across the adjacent pair of the spaced apart structural members and the first insulation batt, such that the bottom faces of the adjacent pair of the spaced apart structural members and the first insulation batt are covered by the second insulation batt.
18. The insulation system of claim 17, wherein the first insulation batt is compressed between the adjacent pair of the spaced apart structural members.
19. The insulation system of claim 17, wherein the spaced apart structural members are spaced apart truss chords.
20. The insulation system of claim 17, wherein the first insulation batt substantially fill a space between the top and bottom faces of the adjacent pair of the spaced apart structural members.
21. The insulation system of claim 17, wherein the second insulation batt has a substantially planar lower surface.
22. An insulation system for a roof, the insulation system comprising: a plurality of roof sheathing panels that extend upward at an angle away from an eave of the roof toward a ridge of the roof; a plurality of spaced apart wooden truss chords having lengths that extend upward at an angle away from the eave toward the ridge without insulation between the roof sheathing panels and the spaced apart truss chords, wherein the spaced apart truss chords support the roof sheathing panels, wherein the spaced apart truss chords each include a top face that faces toward the roof sheathing panel and a bottom face that faces away from the roof sheathing panels; a first insulation material disposed between an adjacent pair of the spaced apart truss chords, wherein a length of the first insulation material extends along the lengths of the adjacent pair of the spaced apart truss chords, wherein the first insulation material has a bottom face that is substantially flush with the bottom faces of the spaced apart truss chords, wherein the first insulation material comprises a fibrous material; a second insulation material, wherein a single piece of the second insulation material has a length that extends across the adjacent pair of the spaced apart truss chords and the first insulation material, such that the bottom faces of the adjacent pair of the spaced apart truss chords and the first insulation material are covered by the second insulation material, wherein the second insulation material comprises a fibrous material.
23. The insulation system of claim 22, wherein the first insulation material substantially fills a space between the top and bottom faces of the adjacent pair of the spaced apart truss chords.
24. The insulation system of claim 22, wherein there is a vent space between the first insulation material and the roof sheathing panels.
25. The insulation system of claim 22, wherein the second insulation material has a substantially planar lower surface.
26. The insulation system of claim 22, wherein the planar lower surface of the second insulation material is maintained by reinforcing ties.
27. The insulation system of claim 22, wherein the second insulation material is held against the first insulation material by fasteners that extend into the spaced apart truss chords.
28. The insulation system of claim 22, wherein the second insulation material has a substantially uniform thickness.
29. The insulation system of claim 22, wherein the second insulation material comprises loose fill insulation in a container.
30. The insulation system of claim 22, wherein the second insulation material comprises an insulation batt.
31. The insulation system of claim 22, wherein the second insulation material extends across three or more of said spaced apart truss chords.
32. The insulation system of claim 31, wherein the second insulation material extends across three or more of said spaced apart truss chords.
33. The insulation system of claim 22, wherein the second insulation material is held against the first insulation material by fasteners that extend through the second insulation material and into the spaced apart truss chords.
34. The insulation system of claim 22, wherein the first insulation material comprises an insulation batt.
35. The insulation system of claim 22, wherein the first insulation material comprises an insulation batt and the second insulation material comprises an insulation batt.
36. The insulation system of claim 35, wherein the first insulation batt is connected to the second insulation batt.